Today is the day after that.
Brother Chu Chen invited him early, he is also my sister
If you really die
He was really alone.
Or spare his life
Ok listen to you
No matter what you say
I promise you.
I, the Northern Army, aim to
Baichen defense general
heinous crime
From now on, we will attack all walks of life and cut off the path of the gods
Let it self-destruct
What am I
Wang Jiawang
How can you be without a master
Offend Tianwei
Arrogance is sinful
Willing to give half of the family's wealth
Please forgive me, General
Brother Chu Chen, why don't you forget it?
The general will thank the general
Wang Han Tianwei
Not guilty
Led the order to go down the mountain and ordered each to donate Jiu Chen's retainers
Join all of Zhongnanding in the army
offend
Isn't this going to kill our four or four families?
This is not leaving a living tomb for us at all
Those who defy life will be killed without mercy
Bet thank god
Go away no
No, no.
Brother Chu Cheng, are you really Long Shuai?
Of course!
Xiaoxue has invited you all these years
The director passed on my life
After 7 days
I want to hold an event at Bauhinia Pavilion
I want the whole world to know
Xiaoxue is my wife
subordinate obeys